Version 1.13.1 (#1788)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

> 3.13.1 (2020-06-04)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.13.1 (2020-06-08)
```

-------------------

> Fix bugs relating to "after:" steps in data Load and record types in data Extract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues closed:

* Fixed a bug with "after:" steps in the `load_dataset` task.
* Fixed a bug with record types in the `extract_dataset` task.
```

(I try to refer to tasks in the release notes with the names that users are used to invoking)
